README.md, before:

# Term-Project
The code for CS427 Android app. 
<br/>
<br/>

<b>Team #33 member information</b>
<br/>
| Name           | NetID         | GitHub ID    | Role          | Experience    |
| -------------  | ------------- | ------------ | ------------- | ------------- |
|Michael Quan    |mdquan2        |midquan       |Manager        |Java, Python, PHP, Javascript, SQL                  |            
|Mirra Kannappan |mirrak2        |mirrakannappan|Tech Lead      |Python, Java, C++, JavaScript                       |
|Giovanni Zavalza|gzava3         |gzava3        |Developer      |Java, Python, C++, Web Dev                          |
|Yujia Chen      |ychen275       |yujiachen71   |Developer      |Java, Python                                        |
|Anthony Yang    |ay23           |anthonyyang87 |Developer      |Python, Javascript, C++, Powershell                 |
|Antoine Lavoie  |alavoie3       |antoinelavoie1|Developer      |Python, Java, SQL                                   |
|Kyle Tsuji      |ktsuji2        |kyletsuji     |Developer      |Java, Python, C++                                   |
|Yueh-Chen Tsou  |yctsou2        |yuehchen-tsou |Developer      |Java, Python, C, HTML, Database management, MySql   |
<br/>


<b>Weekly Progress Reports</b>
</br> 
</br>
Meeting time: Tuesday  8 - 8:30 PST
</br> 
Meeting location (zoom link): https://illinois.zoom.us/j/89701864848?pwd=5HMFImEDWz3RSquweHO9lRG9C5Ixaa.1
</br> 
</br>
<b>Week 1</b>
</br>
Members present: mdquan2, mirrak2, gzava3, ychen275, alavoie3, ktsuji2, yctsou2
</br>
Meeting notes: We discussed the future meeting times and determined everyone's roles. We also introduced ourselves and discussed how long our future meetings should be. Lastly, we created a list of tasks that need to be completed for next week.
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |First week                       |Update README with progress, submit PDF to TA, and setup environment |
|mirrak2         |First week                       |Create GitHub repository and setup environment                       |
|gzava3          |First week                       |Setup environment                                                    |
|ychen275        |First week                       |Setup environment                                                    |
|ay23            |First week                       |Setup environment                                                    |
|alavoie3        |First week                       |Setup environment                                                    |
|ktsuji2         |First week                       |Setup environment                                                    |
|yctsou2         |First week                       |Setup environment                                                    |
</br>


<b>Week 2</b>
</br>
Members present: mdquan2, gzava3, ychen275,  ay23, alavoie3, ktsuji2, yctsou2
</br>
Meeting notes: Wec completed Milestone 1 and sent the PDF to the TA in the previous week, additionally the Github and environments were set up as well. We discussed Milestone 2 and what we would work on for it. Additionally, we delegated everyone to have separate parts and made a Google Doc to collaborate on. We also brainstormed on how we would like to develop the app as well. 
</br>
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |Wrote README with progress, submitted PDF for TA, and setup environment  |Update README with progress, work on Milestone 2 pdf |
|mirrak2         |Create GitHub repository and setup environment                           |Work on Milestone 2 pdf                              |
|gzava3          |Setup environment                                                        |Work on Milestone 2 pdf                              |
|ychen275        |Setup environment                                                        |Work on Milestone 2 pdf                              |
|ay23            |Setup environment                                                        |Work on Milestone 2 pdf                              |
|alavoie3        |Setup environment                                                        |Work on Milestone 2 pdf                              |
|ktsuji2         |Setup environment                                                        |Work on Milestone 2 pdf                              |
|yctsou2         |Setup environment                                                        |Work on Milestone 2 pdf                              |
</br>



<b>Week 3</b>
</br>
Members present: mdquan2, mirrak2, ychen275,  ay23, alavoie3, ktsuji2, yctsou2
</br>
Meeting notes: We discussed how our Milestone 2 Progress went. We have finished everything except for the CTG which is assigned to Mirra and Gio to finish up. After they complete it Thursday/Friday, we will review everything, before submitting the PDF to the TA. Additionally, we also all need to complete the peer review. If anyone has any issues, they will message on chat. 
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |Update README with weekly meeting notes, work on Milestone 2 pd|Update README with weekly meeting notes, review Milestone 2 pdf, and do peer review			|
|mirrak2         |Worked on Milestone 2 pdf								                       |Work on Component Transition Graph, Review Milestone 2 pdf and do peer review						|
|gzava3          |Worked on Milestone 2 pdf								                       |Work on Component Transition Graph, Review Milestone 2 pdf and do peer review						|
|ychen275        |Worked on Milestone 2 pdf								                       |Review Milestone 2 pdf and do peer review						                                    |
|ay23            |Worked on Milestone 2 pdf								                       |Review Milestone 2 pdf and do peer review						                                    |
|alavoie3        |Worked on Milestone 2 pdf								                       |Review Milestone 2 pdf and do peer review						                                    |
|ktsuji2         |Worked on Milestone 2 pdf								                       |Review Milestone 2 pdf and do peer review						                                    |
|yctsou2         |Worked on Milestone 2 pdf								                       |Review Milestone 2 pdf and do peer review						                                    |
</br>

<b>Week 4</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |								                 |					             |
|mirrak2         |								                 |					             |
|gzava3          |								                 |					             |
|ychen275        |								                 |					             |
|ay23            |								                 |					             |
|alavoie3        |								                 |					             |
|ktsuji2         |								                 |					             |
|yctsou2         |								                 |					             |
</br>


<b>Week 5</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |								                 |					             |
|mirrak2         |								                 |					             |
|gzava3          |								                 |					             |
|ychen275        |								                 |					             |
|ay23            |								                 |					             |
|alavoie3        |								                 |					             |
|ktsuji2         |								                 |					             |
|yctsou2         |								                 |					             |
</br>


<b>Week 6</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |								                 |					             |
|mirrak2         |								                 |					             |
|gzava3          |								                 |					             |
|ychen275        |								                 |					             |
|ay23            |								                 |					             |
|alavoie3        |								                 |					             |
|ktsuji2         |								                 |					             |
|yctsou2         |								                 |					             |
</br>


<b>Week 7</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |								                 |					             |
|mirrak2         |								                 |					             |
|gzava3          |								                 |					             |
|ychen275        |								                 |					             |
|ay23            |								                 |					             |
|alavoie3        |								                 |					             |
|ktsuji2         |								                 |					             |
|yctsou2         |								                 |					             |
</br>


<b>Week 8</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |								                 |					             |
|mirrak2         |								                 |					             |
|gzava3          |								                 |					             |
|ychen275        |								                 |					             |
|ay23            |								                 |					             |
|alavoie3        |								                 |					             |
|ktsuji2         |								                 |					             |
|yctsou2         |								                 |					             |
</br>


<b>Week 9</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |								                 |					             |
|mirrak2         |								                 |					             |
|gzava3          |								                 |					             |
|ychen275        |								                 |					             |
|ay23            |								                 |					             |
|alavoie3        |								                 |					             |
|ktsuji2         |								                 |					             |
|yctsou2         |								                 |					             |
</br>


<b>Week 10</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |								                 |					             |
|mirrak2         |								                 |					             |
|gzava3          |								                 |					             |
|ychen275        |								                 |					             |
|ay23            |								                 |					             |
|alavoie3        |								                 |					             |
|ktsuji2         |								                 |					             |
|yctsou2         |								                 |					             |
</br>


<b>Week 11</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |								                 |					             |
|mirrak2         |								                 |					             |
|gzava3          |								                 |					             |
|ychen275        |								                 |					             |
|ay23            |								                 |					             |
|alavoie3        |								                 |					             |
|ktsuji2         |								                 |					             |
|yctsou2         |								                 |					             |
</br>


<b>Week 12</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |								                 |					             |
|mirrak2         |								                 |					             |
|gzava3          |								                 |					             |
|ychen275        |								                 |					             |
|ay23            |								                 |					             |
|alavoie3        |								                 |					             |
|ktsuji2         |								                 |					             |
|yctsou2         |								                 |					             |
</br>

Commit message:

Update README.md with week 4 report

README.md, after:

# Term-Project
The code for CS427 Android app. 
<br/>
<br/>

<b>Team #33 member information</b>
<br/>
| Name           | NetID         | GitHub ID    | Role          | Experience    |
| -------------  | ------------- | ------------ | ------------- | ------------- |
|Michael Quan    |mdquan2        |midquan       |Manager        |Java, Python, PHP, Javascript, SQL                  |            
|Mirra Kannappan |mirrak2        |mirrakannappan|Tech Lead      |Python, Java, C++, JavaScript                       |
|Giovanni Zavalza|gzava3         |gzava3        |Developer      |Java, Python, C++, Web Dev                          |
|Yujia Chen      |ychen275       |yujiachen71   |Developer      |Java, Python                                        |
|Anthony Yang    |ay23           |anthonyyang87 |Developer      |Python, Javascript, C++, Powershell                 |
|Antoine Lavoie  |alavoie3       |antoinelavoie1|Developer      |Python, Java, SQL                                   |
|Kyle Tsuji      |ktsuji2        |kyletsuji     |Developer      |Java, Python, C++                                   |
|Yueh-Chen Tsou  |yctsou2        |yuehchen-tsou |Developer      |Java, Python, C, HTML, Database management, MySql   |
<br/>


<b>Weekly Progress Reports</b>
</br> 
</br>
Meeting time: Tuesday  8 - 8:30 PST
</br> 
Meeting location (zoom link): https://illinois.zoom.us/j/89701864848?pwd=5HMFImEDWz3RSquweHO9lRG9C5Ixaa.1
</br> 
</br>
<b>Week 1</b>
</br>
Members present: mdquan2, mirrak2, gzava3, ychen275, alavoie3, ktsuji2, yctsou2
</br>
Meeting notes: We discussed the future meeting times and determined everyone's roles. We also introduced ourselves and discussed how long our future meetings should be. Lastly, we created a list of tasks that need to be completed for next week.
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |First week                       |Update README with progress, submit PDF to TA, and setup environment |
|mirrak2         |First week                       |Create GitHub repository and setup environment                       |
|gzava3          |First week                       |Setup environment                                                    |
|ychen275        |First week                       |Setup environment                                                    |
|ay23            |First week                       |Setup environment                                                    |
|alavoie3        |First week                       |Setup environment                                                    |
|ktsuji2         |First week                       |Setup environment                                                    |
|yctsou2         |First week                       |Setup environment                                                    |
</br>


<b>Week 2</b>
</br>
Members present: mdquan2, gzava3, ychen275,  ay23, alavoie3, ktsuji2, yctsou2
</br>
Meeting notes: Wec completed Milestone 1 and sent the PDF to the TA in the previous week, additionally the Github and environments were set up as well. We discussed Milestone 2 and what we would work on for it. Additionally, we delegated everyone to have separate parts and made a Google Doc to collaborate on. We also brainstormed on how we would like to develop the app as well. 
</br>
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |Wrote README with progress, submitted PDF for TA, and setup environment  |Update README with progress, work on Milestone 2 pdf |
|mirrak2         |Create GitHub repository and setup environment                           |Work on Milestone 2 pdf                              |
|gzava3          |Setup environment                                                        |Work on Milestone 2 pdf                              |
|ychen275        |Setup environment                                                        |Work on Milestone 2 pdf                              |
|ay23            |Setup environment                                                        |Work on Milestone 2 pdf                              |
|alavoie3        |Setup environment                                                        |Work on Milestone 2 pdf                              |
|ktsuji2         |Setup environment                                                        |Work on Milestone 2 pdf                              |
|yctsou2         |Setup environment                                                        |Work on Milestone 2 pdf                              |
</br>



<b>Week 3</b>
</br>
Members present: mdquan2, mirrak2, ychen275,  ay23, alavoie3, ktsuji2, yctsou2
</br>
Meeting notes: We discussed how our Milestone 2 Progress went. We have finished everything except for the CTG which is assigned to Mirra and Gio to finish up. After they complete it Thursday/Friday, we will review everything, before submitting the PDF to the TA. Additionally, we also all need to complete the peer review. If anyone has any issues, they will message on chat. 
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |Update README with weekly meeting notes, work on Milestone 2 pd|Update README with weekly meeting notes, review Milestone 2 pdf, and do peer review			|
|mirrak2         |Worked on Milestone 2 pdf								                       |Work on Component Transition Graph, Review Milestone 2 pdf and do peer review						|
|gzava3          |Worked on Milestone 2 pdf								                       |Work on Component Transition Graph, Review Milestone 2 pdf and do peer review						|
|ychen275        |Worked on Milestone 2 pdf								                       |Review Milestone 2 pdf and do peer review						                                    |
|ay23            |Worked on Milestone 2 pdf								                       |Review Milestone 2 pdf and do peer review						                                    |
|alavoie3        |Worked on Milestone 2 pdf								                       |Review Milestone 2 pdf and do peer review						                                    |
|ktsuji2         |Worked on Milestone 2 pdf								                       |Review Milestone 2 pdf and do peer review						                                    |
|yctsou2         |Worked on Milestone 2 pdf								                       |Review Milestone 2 pdf and do peer review						                                    |
</br>

<b>Week 4</b>
</br>
Members present: gzava3, mirrak2, ychen275,  ay23, alavoie3, ktsuji2, yctsou2
</br>
Meeting notes: We discussed how to split up Milestone 3 and how to do each task. We try to aim for Task 1 before the next meeting and then Task 2 and 3 for the meetings after. We chose Firebase for our backend and Language to use Java.
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |Update README with weekly meeting notes, review Milestone 2 pdf, and do peer review			| Update README with weekly meeting notes      |
|mirrak2         |Work on Component Transition Graph, Review Milestone 2 pdf and do peer review						|                                              |
|gzava3          |Work on Component Transition Graph, Review Milestone 2 pdf and do peer review						| Work on Task 1                               |
|ychen275        |Review Milestone 2 pdf and do peer review						                                    |                                              |
|ay23            |Review Milestone 2 pdf and do peer review						                                    | Work on Task 1                               |
|alavoie3        |Review Milestone 2 pdf and do peer review						                                    |                                              |
|ktsuji2         |Review Milestone 2 pdf and do peer review						                                    | Work on Task 1                               |
|yctsou2         |Review Milestone 2 pdf and 																		|
</br>


<b>Week 5</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |								                 |					             |
|mirrak2         |								                 |					             |
|gzava3          |								                 |					             |
|ychen275        |								                 |					             |
|ay23            |								                 |					             |
|alavoie3        |								                 |					             |
|ktsuji2         |								                 |					             |
|yctsou2         |								                 |					             |
</br>


<b>Week 6</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |								                 |					             |
|mirrak2         |								                 |					             |
|gzava3          |								                 |					             |
|ychen275        |								                 |					             |
|ay23            |								                 |					             |
|alavoie3        |								                 |					             |
|ktsuji2         |								                 |					             |
|yctsou2         |								                 |					             |
</br>


<b>Week 7</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |								                 |					             |
|mirrak2         |								                 |					             |
|gzava3          |								                 |					             |
|ychen275        |								                 |					             |
|ay23            |								                 |					             |
|alavoie3        |								                 |					             |
|ktsuji2         |								                 |					             |
|yctsou2         |								                 |					             |
</br>


<b>Week 8</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |								                 |					             |
|mirrak2         |								                 |					             |
|gzava3          |								                 |					             |
|ychen275        |								                 |					             |
|ay23            |								                 |					             |
|alavoie3        |								                 |					             |
|ktsuji2         |								                 |					             |
|yctsou2         |								                 |					             |
</br>


<b>Week 9</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |								                 |					             |
|mirrak2         |								                 |					             |
|gzava3          |								                 |					             |
|ychen275        |								                 |					             |
|ay23            |								                 |					             |
|alavoie3        |								                 |					             |
|ktsuji2         |								                 |					             |
|yctsou2         |								                 |					             |
</br>


<b>Week 10</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |								                 |					             |
|mirrak2         |								                 |					             |
|gzava3          |								                 |					             |
|ychen275        |								                 |					             |
|ay23            |								                 |					             |
|alavoie3        |								                 |					             |
|ktsuji2         |								                 |					             |
|yctsou2         |								                 |					             |
</br>


<b>Week 11</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |								                 |					             |
|mirrak2         |								                 |					             |
|gzava3          |								                 |					             |
|ychen275        |								                 |					             |
|ay23            |								                 |					             |
|alavoie3        |								                 |					             |
|ktsuji2         |								                 |					             |
|yctsou2         |								                 |					             |
</br>


<b>Week 12</b>
</br>
Members present: List the NetID of the people who attended the meeting
</br>
Meeting notes: Explain the overall team progress and a summary of discussion
</br>
| NetID          | Progress from last week         | Tasks for next week   |
| ---------------| --------------------------------| ----------------------|
|mdquan2         |								                 |					             |
|mirrak2         |								                 |					             |
|gzava3          |								                 |					             |
|ychen275        |								                 |					             |
|ay23            |								                 |					             |
|alavoie3        |								                 |					             |
|ktsuji2         |								                 |					             |
|yctsou2         |								                 |					             |
</br>
